gh-66419: Make optional arguments with nargs=REMAINDER consume all arguments (#124509)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-25-12-47-50.gh-issue-66419.DVSukU.rst

Optional argument with :ref:`nargs` equals to ``argparse.REMAINDER`` now

> consumes all remaining arguments, not only to the first ``'--'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional argument with :ref:`nargs` equals to ``argparse.REMAINDER`` now
consumes all remaining arguments including ``'--'``.
```
